{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 # Submission 1\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 This submission is the completion of 3 given assignments: 3a, 3b and 3c. Where we implement Lists, Sorting, Exception handling, Java Collections and tied together by the UI built on JavaFX GUI Toolkit.
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 ---
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Implements:
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### ArrayList
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 An array implementation of the interface \'91List\'92. This is based on Java arrays, which we dynamically adapted in size when needed. We also implemented various functions which adds an element at a specific index, adds an element at the end of the list, returns the element at a specific index, returns the index of a specific element, setting the element at a specific index, as well as two remove functions, that remove an element at a specific index/ at the end of the list.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 ---
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### BubbleSort
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 We implemented the BubbleSort algorithm for our sorting of arrays. Our sort method, within the BubbleSort class, takes our array List and our generic comparator. The generic comparator determines how to sort objects within the array.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 ---
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### GenericComparator
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Comparator that uses the compareTo method implemented in the Person class.
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 ---
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### SortedArrayList
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 SortedArrayList implements the SortedList interface and extends ArrayList. We override some methods of ArrayList to make sure the contract of the sorted list is upheld.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Those methods are: sort and add(pos, person), which are illegal operations since the list has to be always sorted.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 We override the following methods from the superclass ArrayList: add(person), since in order to use this method we have to implement a findIndexToInsert, to find the right index at which a new person is added.
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 ---
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## uses
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### Person
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 We implemented/overridden a 
\f3\i compareTo, equals
\f2\i0  and a 
\f3\i hashCode
\f2\i0  function to accommodate our Person class, which extends the Comparable class.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 ---
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### PersonsGUI
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 We implemented a GUI with JavaFX, which uses the logic from our implementations on the Person class.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Here we also made an updateStatistics function, which shows the most common name and average weight of the person list.\'a0\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 ---
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Ekstra
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### Exception field in PersonsGUI
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 We added a window where exceptions are shown to the user, instead of in the terminal. We were inspired by the solution to assignment 2.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
}